Application layout panel animations (#3614)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/layouts/application.md

It can also be pinned, similarly to the side navigation area, by adding class `is-pinned` to the `l-aside` element. Pinning the aside area transforms it from an overlay to split panel, making the main content area narrower.

> Toggling the `is-collapsed` class to the `l-aside` element allows to animate closing of the aside panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggling the `is-collapsed` class on the `l-aside` element allows the animated closing of the aside panel.
```
